chore: overhaul readmes (#9277)
discordjs/discord.js: README.md

## About

This repository is a monorepo that contains multiple packages. The main and most popular package is [`discord.js`][source], which is the one you are most likely looking for. All packages have seperate [release][github-releases] cycles and version numbers.

## Getting started

> To get started with a package, navigate to its directory (packages/{packagename}) and follow the instructions in its README file. You can also find links to the documentation, guide, and other resources in the [Links](#links) section.

Author: I was debating this as well. But I also wanted to add a paragraph like such that helps people navigate the monorepo.

> To get started with a package, navigate to its directory (packages/{packagename}) and follow the instructions in its README file. You can also find links to the documentation, guide, and other resources in the [Links](#links) section.

Reviewer: Updating this and the section below seems like a chore. Also, the optional packages should be moved to the respective packages. They are not for every package.

### Packages

- [`discord.js`] ([source][source]) - A powerful Node.js module for interacting with the Discord API
- [`@discordjs/brokers`] ([source][brokers-source]) - A collection of brokers for use with discord.js
- [`@discordjs/builders`] ([source][builders-source]) - A utility package for easily building Discord API payloads
- [`@discordjs/collection`] ([source][collection-source]) - A powerful utility data structure
- [`@discordjs/core`] ([source][core-source]) - A thinly abstracted wrapper around the core components of the Discord API
- [`@discordjs/formatters`] ([source][formatters-source]) - A collection of functions for formatting strings
- [`@discordjs/proxy`] ([source][proxy-source]) - A wrapper around `@discordjs/rest` for running an HTTP proxy
- [`@discordjs/rest`] ([source][rest-source]) - A module for interacting with the Discord REST API
- [`@discordjs/voice`] ([source][voice-source]) - A module for interacting with the Discord Voice API
- [`@discordjs/util`] ([source][util-source]) - A collection of utility functions

> - [`@discordjs/ws`] ([source][ws-source]) - A wrapper around Discord's gateway

Reviewer: Why the []?

## Contributing

Please read through our [contribution guidelines][contributing] before starting a pull request. We welcome contributions of all kinds, not just code! If you're stuck for ideas, look for the [good first issue][good-first-issue] label on issues in the repository. If you have any questions about the project, feel free to ask them on [Discord][discord]. Before creating your own issue or pull request, always check to see if one already exists! Don't rush contributions, take your time and ensure you're doing it correctly.

## Help

If you don't understand something in the documentation, you are experiencing problems, or you just need a gentle nudge in the right direction, please join our [Discord server][discord].

> [website]: https://discordjs.dev/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[website]: https://discord.js.org
```

[website-source]: https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/tree/main/apps/website

> [documentation]: https://discordjs.dev/docs/packages

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[documentation]: https://discord.js.org/docs
```

## Contributing

> Please read through our [contributing guidelines][contributing] before making a PR. We welcome contributions of all kinds, not just code! If you're stuck for ideas, look at the [good first issue][good-first-issue] label on issues in the repository. If you have any questions about the project, feel free to ask them in [discord.js' Discord server][discord]. Before creating your own issue or pull request, always check to see if one already exists! Also, don't rush into creating a pull request; it's always better to take your time and ensure you're doing it correctly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Please read through our [contribution guidelines][contributing] before starting a pull request. We welcome contributions of all kinds, not just code! If you're stuck for ideas, look for the [good first issue][good-first-issue] label on issues in the repository. If you have any questions about the project, feel free to ask them on [Discord][discord]. Before creating your own issue or pull request, always check to see if one already exists! Don't rush contributions, take your time and ensure you're doing it correctly.
```
wording and flow

## Help

> If you don't understand something in the documentation, you are experiencing problems, or you just need a gentle nudge in the right direction, please don't hesitate to join our official [discord.js Server][discord].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you don't understand something in the documentation, you are experiencing problems, or you just need a gentle nudge in the right direction, please join our [Discord server][discord].
```

clarity, flow

[rpc]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/discord-rpc
[rpc-source]: https://github.com/discordjs/RPC
[contributing]: https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
[github-releases]: https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/releases
[brokers-source]: https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/tree/main/packages/brokers
[builders-source]: https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/tree/main/packages/builders
[collection-source]: https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/tree/main/packages/collection
[core-source]: https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/tree/main/packages/core
[formatters-source]: https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/tree/main/packages/formatters
[proxy-source]: https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/tree/main/packages/proxy
[rest-source]: https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/tree/main/packages/rest
[voice-source]: https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/tree/main/packages/voice
[util-source]: https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/tree/main/packages/util
[ws-source]: https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/tree/main/packages/ws

> [good-first-issue]: https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/labels/good%20first%20issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[good-first-issue]: https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/contribute
```
